People will forget what you said and did, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
Maya Angelou

I am not an angel,' I asserted; 'and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself. Mr. Rochester, you must neither expect nor exact anything celestial of me - for you will not get it, any more than I shall get it of you: which I do not at all anticipate.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre

Lighthouses don’t go running all over an island looking for boats to save; they just stand there shining. 
Anne Lamott

Earth provides enough to satisfy every man’s needs, but not every man’s greed.
Mahatma Gandhi

History is a vast early warning system.
Norman Cousins, editor and author (24 Jun 1915-1990)

The American who first discovered Columbus made a bad discovery.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg, scientist and philosopher (1 Jul 1742-1799) 

It's hard to be religious when certain people are never incinerated by bolts of lightning.
Bill Watterson, comic strip artist (b. 5 Jul 1958) [Calvin & Hobbes] 

All the arguments to prove man's superiority cannot shatter this hard fact: in suffering the animals are our equals.
Peter Singer, philosopher and professor (b. 6 Jul 1946)

Men rarely (if ever) managed to dream up a god superior to themselves. Most gods have the manners and morals of a spoiled child.
Robert A. Heinlein, science-fiction author (7 Jul 1907-1988)

People are like stained glass windows: they sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light within.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross, psychiatrist and author (8 Jul 1926-2004) 

I dream of giving birth to a child who will ask, "Mother, what was war?"
Eve Merriam, poet and writer (19 Jul 1916-1992)

Years ago my mother used to say to me, she'd say, "In this world, Elwood, you must be," - she always called me Elwood - "In this world, you must be oh so smart, or oh so pleasant." Well, for years I was smart. I recommend pleasant. You may quote me.
Elwood P. Dowd, "Harvey"

How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life
